update manager-guide github org membership (#391)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/internal/onboarding/manager-guide.md

- If the user is marked as unlicensed, ask Carlos or Corey to increase OneLogin seat count

### GitHub Group Set-up
- The membership to the Mattermost Github organization is handle by Onelogin / Lamdba function that adds the user in the correct Github Team.

> - To that work we need to add the user's Github handle in the user's Onelogin setup. Please message @dschalla or @cpanato to add the data in Onelogin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For that work we need to add the user's GitHub handle in the user's OneLogin account. Please message @dschalla or @cpanato to add the data in OneLogin.
```
